Update Venafi username/password authentication section (#1618)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/configuration/venafi.md

3. [Create a new application integration](https://docs.venafi.com/Docs/24.3/TopNav/Content/API-ApplicationIntegration/t-APIAppIntegrations-creating.php)

   Create an application integration with name and ID `cert-manager.io`.

>    Set the "Base Access Settings" to `certificate: manage`.

Author: @wallrj agrees with @hawksight , we can open a followup PR on this .

Venafi has updated its terminology starting from the recent version, and we need to ensure alignment with it. However, I currently do not have the ability to instantiate Venafi test environment to check it.

5. Save the access-token to a Secret in the Kubernetes cluster

    ```bash
    $ kubectl create secret generic \
          tpp-secret \
          --namespace=<NAMESPACE OF YOUR ISSUER RESOURCE> \
          --from-literal=access-token='YOUR_TPP_ACCESS_TOKEN'
    ```

### Username / Password Authentication

> > **Note**: when using username/password authentication, cert-manager will manage the generation of access token for you . As of now we don't use refresh tokens to renew access token, Make sure that the Venafi application is appropriately configured.

Reviewer: I believe that may have been from my suggestion. I think you'd also want to change the "Access Expires" value to be very low, and disable the "Token Refresh" option all together, as well as assign the right scopes as mentioned.

> > **Note**: when using username/password authentication, cert-manager will manage the generation of access token for you . As of now we don't use refresh tokens to renew access token, Make sure that the Venafi application is appropriately configured.

Author: @hawksight To avoid any future confusion , i will just remove it like @wallrj suggested and let the user manages his own configuration on this. There may be some usecases where lowering the "access expires" is not an option.

> 1. Create a new user with sufficient privileges to manage and revoke certificates in a particular policy folder (zone).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new user with sufficient privileges to manage certificates in a particular policy folder (zone).
```

2. [Create a new application integration](https://docs.venafi.com/Docs/24.3/TopNav/Content/API-ApplicationIntegration/t-APIAppIntegrations-creating.php)

   Create an application integration with name and ID `cert-manager.io`.
   Set the "Base Access Settings" to `certificate: manage`.

   "Edit Access" to the new application integration, and allow it to be used by the user you created earlier.
   
3. Save the credentials to a Secret in the Kubernetes cluster

    ```bash
    $ kubectl create secret generic \
          tpp-secret \
          --namespace=<NAMESPACE OF YOUR ISSUER RESOURCE> \
          --from-literal=username='YOUR_TPP_USERNAME_HERE' \
          --from-literal=password='YOUR_TPP_PASSWORD_HERE'
    ```

> Note: By default cert-manager uses `cert-manager.io` as client ID when authenticating to Venafi. You can customize this by adding `client-id` key to the secret:
>```bash
>$ kubectl create secret generic \
>       tpp-secret \
>       --namespace=<NAMESPACE OF YOUR ISSUER RESOURCE> \
>       --from-literal=username='YOUR_TPP_USERNAME_HERE' \
>       --from-literal=password='YOUR_TPP_PASSWORD_HERE' \
>       --from-literal=client-id='YOUR_TPP_CLIENT-ID_HERE'

> >```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for adding this note. I double checked the code to see that this is indeed possible:
 * https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/blob/cb20920fcf80c73ab6310470d5464d40e22db492/pkg/issuer/venafi/client/venaficlient.go#L169-L176

Author: i m the one who added it in a seperate PR :)

These credentials will be used by cert-manager to interact with your Venafi TPP

> instance. Username attribute must be adhere to the `<identity

Reviewer 2: typo "must be adhere"

### Username / Password Authentication

> > **Note**: when using username/password authentification, cert-manager will manage the generation of access token for you . It will also get a refresh token to be used to query a new access token once expired.

Author: when saw the [getRefreshToken](https://github.com/cert-manager/cert-manager/blob/86fcc3a4a18ec5ceb5d13c93afe943bca58cbd2f/pkg/issuer/venafi/client/venaficlient.go#L432-L441), i thought that we're using it . in a future release, i think we should use the refresh token to get new access tokens and when refresh tokens expires then we reauthentificate with username/password.

1. Create a new user with sufficient privileges to manage and revoke certificates in a particular policy folder (zone).

   E.g. `k8s-xyz-automation`

2. [Create a new application integration](https://docs.venafi.com/Docs/24.3/TopNav/Content/API-ApplicationIntegration/t-APIAppIntegrations-creating.php)

   Create an application integration with name and ID `cert-manager.io`.

>    Set the "Base Access Settings" to `certificate: manage`.

Reviewer: `certificate:manage`

Very minor nit but to remove the space so it aligns with how you'd use this string with API calls.

Reviewer: Ignore this, you were following the previous style 👍

       --from-literal=username='YOUR_TPP_USERNAME_HERE' \
       --from-literal=password='YOUR_TPP_PASSWORD_HERE'
```
> Note: By default cert-manager uses `cert-manager.io` as client ID when authentificating to venafi. You can customize this by adding `client-id` key to the secret:

> >```bash

Author: could you check, i hope that i did understand your review

resource, you must change the `kind` field to `ClusterIssuer` and remove the
`metadata.namespace` field.

> > Note: If you are configuring your issuer as a `ClusterIssuer` resource in
> > order to issue `Certificates` across your whole cluster, you must set the
> > `--namespace` parameter to `cert-manager`, which is the default `Cluster
> > Resource Namespace`. The `Cluster Resource Namespace` can be configured
> > through the `--cluster-resource-namespace` flag on the cert-manager controller
> > component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ℹ️  If you are using a `ClusterIssuer` resource, the Secret containing the credentials must be in the `Cluster
> Resource Namespace`, which is `cert-manager` by default. The `Cluster Resource Namespace` can be configured
> through the `--cluster-resource-namespace` flag on the cert-manager controller
> component.
> 
> 📖 Read [Issuer Configuration](./README.md#cluster-resource-namespace) to learn more about the concept of a ClusterIssuer and the Cluster Resource Namespace
```

I wanted to make it clear that the **Secret** must be in the cert-manager namespace.
And there's a good explanation of this in https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/
